<h1>Time: 14-04-2020</h1>
<h2>Attendees:</h2>
<p>Miltion Wong, Jason Chiang, Randy Tai</p>

<h2>Finished items (from the last meeting notes):</h2>
<p>Implementation in CycleGAN model and create generator model access function and display function in average value in losses.</p>
<p>Create more sutiable dataset for training CycleGAN and CNN model.</p>

<h2>Discussion:</h2>
<p>Discussed the project process.</p>
<p>Discussed how to improve the CycleGAN model.</p>
<p>Discussed the performance in our model.</p>

<h2>Challenges:</h2>
<p>The CycleGAN model is hard to apply .</p>
<p>The CycleGAN need a particular dataset for training.</p>

<h2>Schedule:</h2>
<p><strong>4-09-2019 - 25-10-2019:</strong> Read the book and know well as basic operation in Google Colab and python numpy, keras etc. function that about project.</p>
<p><strong>25-10-2019 - 08-11-2019:</strong> Executed example and find the useful code to build the project.</p>
<p><strong>08-11-2019 - 22-11-2019:</strong> Preprocessed the CNRPark+EXT dataset to reduce the excution time and improve effectiveness of the program. Also, found more dataset to support accuracy of the project</p>
<p><strong>22-11-2019 - 06-12-2019:</strong> Prepared the most challenges in project -- <b>illuminance variance detection</b>. Also, start to prepare the mid-report in reading paper.</p>
<p><strong>06-12-2019 - 31-03-2020:</strong> Improved the performance in binary classification, study the CycleGAN to generate more image for upgrading the generalization ability in our model, find more image enhancement method to increase the performance and prepared the final report in FYP.</p>
<p><strong>31-03-2019 - 14-04-2020:</strong> Implemented in CycleGAN and successful obtained the generated image, and created sutiable dataset for CycleGAN.</p>
