<h1>Time: 18-05-2020</h1>
<h2>Attendees:</h2>
<p>Prof. C. M. Vond, Miltion Wong, Jason Chiang, Randy Tai</p>

<h2>Finished items (from the last meeting notes):</h2>
<p>Implementation in adjusted the CNN model parameters and controled the number of generated images from CycleGAN and image enhancement. </p>

<h2>Discussion:</h2>
<p>Discussed the project process.</p>
<p>Discussed the performance in our model.</p>
<p>Encourage us to try our best in FYP Report and presentation. </p>

<h2>Challenges:</h2>
<p>The Google Colab can not finish a large numbe of data access. We just can train no more than ten thousand image in one data I/O.</p>
<p>There also have some problem to influence the accuracy in our detection system, such as  irregular parking (parking across multiple  parking line), partly damaged or dirt situation in camera, and more performance in multiple types vehicles detection.

<h2>Schedule:</h2>
<p><strong>4-09-2019 - 25-10-2019:</strong> Read the book and know well as basic operation in Google Colab and python numpy, keras etc. function that about project.</p>
<p><strong>25-10-2019 - 08-11-2019:</strong> Executed example and find the useful code to build the project.</p>
<p><strong>08-11-2019 - 22-11-2019:</strong> Preprocessed the CNRPark+EXT dataset to reduce the excution time and improve effectiveness of the program. Also, found more dataset to support accuracy of the project</p>
<p><strong>22-11-2019 - 06-12-2019:</strong> Prepared the most challenges in project -- <b>illuminance variance detection</b>. Also, start to prepare the mid-report in reading paper.</p>
<p><strong>06-12-2019 - 31-03-2020:</strong> Improved the performance in binary classification, study the CycleGAN to generate more image for upgrading the generalization ability in our model, find more image enhancement method to increase the performance and prepared the final report in FYP.</p>
<p><strong>31-03-2019 - 14-04-2020:</strong> Implemented in CycleGAN and successful obtained the generated image, and created sutiable dataset for CycleGAN.</p>
<p><strong>14-04-2019 - 29-04-2020:</strong> Continue to improve the performance in CNN model, such as callbacks function to prevent the overfitting problem.</p>
<p><strong>29-04-2019 - 18-05-2020:</strong> Continue to improve the performance in CNN model, such as CycleGAN to solve the generalization problem (i.e. sloved different illuminance variance problem). Also, in order to occur the umbalance dataset that between the data amount of class 'busy' and 'free', the Focal Loss function would be used. It can avoid this problem efficiently. And we built a Robust Outdoor Smart Parking Lots Detection System Under Illuminance Variance successfully.</p>
