<h1>Time: 25-10-2019 10:00</h1>
<h2>Attendees:</h2>
Prof. C.M. VONG, Jason Chiang, Randy Tai

<h2>Finished items (from the last meeting notes):</h2>
Read the book Chapter 1 to 5 and tried practical operation the example (.ipynb) in Google Colab from the book.

<h2>Discussion:</h2>
Prof. VONG requested us how to achieve detection in chromatic aberration change problem. Then, Prof. VONG admonish us that do not forget what really matters and it is the time to do a report seriously. We did not have time to do other thing before finished the project. Therefore, Prof. VONG asked us to determine schedule of the project. 

<h2>Challenges:</h2>
a. Misallocation of time.
b. We just finished the basic thing.

<h2>Schedule:</h2>
04-09-2019 - 25-10-2019: Read the book and know well as basic operation in Google Colab and python numpy, keras etc. function that about project.

<h1>Time: 25-10-2019 17:50</h1>
<h2>Attendees:</h2>
Miltion Wong, Jason Chiang, Randy Tai

<h2>Finished items (from the last meeting notes):</h2>
Tried practical operation the example (.ipynb) in Google Colab from the book.

<h2>Discussion:</h2>
Miltion discussed and told more detial about example. Also, he will gave other type dataset and example for us to execute.

<h2>Challenges:</h2>
This type of dataset (share Google Drive dataset) will cause more execution time.

<h2>Schedule:</h2>
04-09-2019 - 25-10-2019: Read the book and know well as basic operation in Google Colab and python numpy, keras etc. function that about project.
<p>25-10-2019 - 08-11-2019: Executed example and find the useful code to build the project.</p>
