<h1>Time: 14-04-2020</h1>
<h2>Attendees:</h2>
<p>Miltion Wong, Jason Chiang, Randy Tai</p>

<h2>Finished items (from the last meeting notes):</h2>
<p>Create more sutiable dataset for training CycleGAN and CNN model.</p>
<p>Implementation in combine CycleGAN model and CNN model to get a higher performance in generalization way (sloved the problem in different illuminance variance) and special situation, such as irregular parking and all kinds of vehicles.</p>
<p>Adjusted the layer and parameters in CNN model that improved the accuracies and reduced the losses clearly during the training and testing process, such as regularization function to regularization, callbacks and binary loss functions.</p>

<h2>Discussion:</h2>
<p>Discussed the project process.</p>
<p>Discussed how to use the CycleGAN model in enhancing CNN model performance.</p>
<p>Discussed the performance in our model.</p>

<h2>Challenges:</h2>
<p>The CycleGAN model is hard to apply .</p>
<p>The CycleGAN need a particular dataset for training.</p>
<p>The Google Colab can not finish a large numbe of data access. We just can train no more than ten thousand image in one data I/O.</p>

<h2>Schedule:</h2>
<p><strong>4-09-2019 - 25-10-2019:</strong> Read the book and know well as basic operation in Google Colab and python numpy, keras etc. function that about project.</p>
<p><strong>25-10-2019 - 08-11-2019:</strong> Executed example and find the useful code to build the project.</p>
<p><strong>08-11-2019 - 22-11-2019:</strong> Preprocessed the CNRPark+EXT dataset to reduce the excution time and improve effectiveness of the program. Also, found more dataset to support accuracy of the project</p>
<p><strong>22-11-2019 - 06-12-2019:</strong> Prepared the most challenges in project -- <b>illuminance variance detection</b>. Also, start to prepare the mid-report in reading paper.</p>
<p><strong>06-12-2019 - 31-03-2020:</strong> Improved the performance in binary classification, study the CycleGAN to generate more image for upgrading the generalization ability in our model, find more image enhancement method to increase the performance and prepared the final report in FYP.</p>
<p><strong>31-03-2019 - 14-04-2020:</strong> Implemented in CycleGAN and successful obtained the generated image, and created sutiable dataset for CycleGAN.</p>
<p><strong>14-04-2019 - 29-04-2020:</strong> Continue to improve the performance in CNN model, such as callbacks function to prevent the overfitting problem.</p>
